AI_INTEGRATION_ROADMAP.md, before:

# 🧠 Vespara AI Integration Roadmap

> **Goal**: Empower the system with AI that feels invisible to users - enhancing experiences without adding friction.

---

## Phase 1: Silent Intelligence (Foundation)
**Timeline**: Week 1-2  
**User Visibility**: None - works behind the scenes

### 1.2 Smart Caching & Prefetching
- Predict which profiles user will view next → prefetch data
- Cache AI responses for common queries
- Pregenerate game content during idle time
- **User Experience**: Everything loads instantly

### 1.3 Engagement Analytics
- Track which prompts get best responses
- Identify conversation patterns that lead to dates
- Measure game completion rates by content type
- **User Experience**: App subtly improves over time

**Files to Create**:
```
lib/core/services/
├── content_moderation_service.dart
├── prefetch_service.dart
└── engagement_analytics_service.dart
```

---

## Phase 2: Gentle Nudges (Subtle Assistance)
**Timeline**: Week 3-4  
**User Visibility**: Minimal - feels like smart defaults

### 2.1 Smart Defaults
- Auto-select optimal game heat level based on relationship stage
- Suggest best times to message based on match's activity patterns
- Pre-fill profile fields with intelligent suggestions
- **User Experience**: "The app just gets me"

### 2.2 Conversation Health Monitoring
- Detect when conversations are dying → suggest topics
- Notice when user hasn't messaged a match in 3+ days → gentle reminder
- Identify one-word-response patterns → coaching tips
- **User Experience**: Subtle notifications, not intrusive

### 2.3 Game Content Personalization
- Learn which game prompts each couple enjoys
- Avoid repeating similar prompts in same session
- Adjust difficulty/intensity based on past engagement
- **User Experience**: Games feel fresh every time

**Database Additions**:
```sql
-- User preference learning
CREATE TABLE ai_user_preferences (
  user_id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
  preferred_game_heat TEXT[],
  active_hours INT[],
  conversation_style JSONB,
  learned_interests TEXT[],
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ
);

-- Prompt effectiveness tracking
CREATE TABLE ai_prompt_metrics (
  prompt_id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
  game_type TEXT,
  shown_count INT,
  completed_count INT,
  avg_engagement_score DECIMAL,
  heat_level TEXT
);
```

---

## Phase 3: Visible Magic (Helpful Features)
**Timeline**: Week 5-6  
**User Visibility**: Clearly AI-powered, but optional

### 3.1 AI Profile Coach
- "Improve my bio" button → AI rewrites with personality intact
- Photo order suggestions based on engagement data
- Prompt answer suggestions (user can edit before saving)
- **User Experience**: Optional help when they want it

### 3.2 Conversation Starters
- "Break the ice" button generates 3 personalized openers
- Based on mutual interests from both profiles
- User picks one and can customize before sending
- **User Experience**: Never stare at blank chat again

### 3.3 Match Insights
- "Why did we match?" → AI explains compatibility
- Shared interests highlighted with context
- Suggested conversation topics based on profiles
- **User Experience**: Instant talking points

**UI Components**:
```dart
// Subtle AI indicators
class AIAssistButton extends StatelessWidget {
  // Sparkle icon, non-intrusive placement
  // Tooltip: "Get AI suggestions"
}

class AIInsightCard extends StatelessWidget {
  // Clean card showing AI-generated insight
  // Clear "AI generated" label for transparency
}
```

---

## Phase 4: Proactive Partner (Smart Companion)
**Timeline**: Week 7-8  
**User Visibility**: Active assistance, user-controlled

### 4.1 Date Planning Assistant
- "Plan a date" → AI suggests based on:
  - Both users' interests
  - Location/weather
  - Budget preferences
  - Previous date history
- **User Experience**: "What should we do?" answered instantly

### 4.2 Real-time Message Coaching
- As user types, subtle suggestions appear
- Tone analysis: "This might come across as..."
- Never blocks sending, just offers alternatives
- Toggle on/off in settings
- **User Experience**: Like Grammarly for dating

### 4.3 Relationship Progress Tracking
- AI summarizes conversation milestones
- "You've been talking for 2 weeks, exchanged 500 messages"
- Suggests next steps: "Ready for a phone call?"
- **User Experience**: Gentle progression guidance

**New Edge Functions**:
```
supabase/functions/
├── ai-date-planner/
├── ai-message-coach/
└── ai-relationship-tracker/
```

---

## Phase 5: Seamless Integration (Invisible AI Everywhere)
**Timeline**: Week 9-10  
**User Visibility**: AI is everywhere, but never announced

### 5.1 Dynamic Game Generation
- AI creates new prompts in real-time
- Based on couple's conversation history
- Personalized to their specific dynamic
- **User Experience**: "How does this game know us so well?"

### 5.2 Predictive Matching
- AI learns what makes successful couples
- Weighs factors beyond stated preferences
- Explains matches without revealing algorithm
- **User Experience**: Better matches, no explanation needed

### 5.3 Ambient Intelligence
- App learns usage patterns
- Surfaces right features at right time
- Reduces UI clutter by hiding irrelevant options
- **User Experience**: App feels simpler over time

---

## Implementation Priority Matrix

| Feature | User Value | Dev Effort | Priority |
|---------|-----------|------------|----------|
| Content Moderation | High | Medium | 🔴 P0 |
| Smart Caching | Medium | Low | 🔴 P0 |
| Conversation Starters | High | Low | 🟠 P1 |
| Profile Coach | High | Medium | 🟠 P1 |
| Game Personalization | High | Medium | 🟠 P1 |
| Message Coaching | Medium | High | 🟡 P2 |
| Date Planner | Medium | High | 🟡 P2 |
| Dynamic Game Gen | High | High | 🟢 P3 |
| Predictive Matching | High | Very High | 🟢 P3 |

---

## Cost Management Strategy

### Token Budget Allocation
```
Daily Budget: 100,000 tokens

- Content Moderation: 30% (always-on safety)
- Profile Generation: 20% (onboarding)
- Conversation Starters: 20% (high engagement)
- Game Content: 15% (sessions)
- Insights/Coaching: 15% (on-demand)
```

### Caching Strategy
- Cache common prompt patterns (80% hit rate target)
- Pre-generate game content during off-peak hours
- Batch moderation requests when possible

### Model Selection
- **GPT-4o-mini**: Most tasks (cheap, fast)
- **GPT-4o**: Complex insights, date planning
- **GPT-3.5-turbo**: Simple classification, moderation

---

## User Control & Transparency

### Settings Page
```
AI Preferences
├── AI Suggestions: [On/Off]
├── Message Coaching: [On/Off]
├── Profile Improvement Tips: [On/Off]
├── Smart Notifications: [On/Off]
└── Data Usage for AI: [On/Off]

All features work without AI - just enhanced with it.
```

### Transparency Principles
1. **Never fake human**: AI content always subtly labeled
2. **Never auto-send**: AI suggests, user confirms
3. **Never trap**: All AI features can be disabled
4. **Never creepy**: Don't reveal depth of analysis to users

---

## Success Metrics

### Phase 1 (Foundation)
- [ ] 0 toxic messages delivered
- [ ] <500ms average load time
- [ ] Engagement data flowing

### Phase 2 (Nudges)
- [ ] 20% increase in message response rate
- [ ] 15% increase in game completion
- [ ] Positive user feedback on "smart" feel

### Phase 3 (Magic)
- [ ] 40% adoption of AI bio improvement
- [ ] 60% use conversation starters on first message
- [ ] NPS score improvement

### Phase 4 (Partner)
- [ ] 50% use date planner for first dates
- [ ] Message coaching reduces "ghosting" by 25%
- [ ] Relationship progression rate improves

### Phase 5 (Seamless)
- [ ] Users can't identify which features are AI
- [ ] Match success rate improves 30%
- [ ] App feels "magical" in user research

---

## Next Steps

**Ready to start Phase 1?** I can create:
1. `content_moderation_service.dart` - Safety first
2. `prefetch_service.dart` - Performance foundation  
3. Migration for AI preference tables

Commit message:

Rebrand Sanctum to Cult and apply Kult compatibility migration

AI_INTEGRATION_ROADMAP.md, after:

# 🧠 Kult AI Integration Roadmap

> **Goal**: Empower the system with AI that feels invisible to users - enhancing experiences without adding friction.

---

## Phase 1: Silent Intelligence (Foundation)
**Timeline**: Week 1-2  
**User Visibility**: None - works behind the scenes

### 1.2 Smart Caching & Prefetching
- Predict which profiles user will view next → prefetch data
- Cache AI responses for common queries
- Pregenerate game content during idle time
- **User Experience**: Everything loads instantly

### 1.3 Engagement Analytics
- Track which prompts get best responses
- Identify conversation patterns that lead to real-world community meetups
- Measure game completion rates by content type
- **User Experience**: App subtly improves over time

**Files to Create**:
```
lib/core/services/
├── content_moderation_service.dart
├── prefetch_service.dart
└── engagement_analytics_service.dart
```

---

## Phase 2: Gentle Nudges (Subtle Assistance)
**Timeline**: Week 3-4  
**User Visibility**: Minimal - feels like smart defaults

### 2.1 Smart Defaults
- Auto-select optimal game heat level based on relationship stage
- Suggest best times to message based on match's activity patterns
- Pre-fill profile fields with intelligent suggestions
- **User Experience**: "The app just gets me"

### 2.2 Conversation Health Monitoring
- Detect when conversations are dying → suggest topics
- Notice when user hasn't messaged a match in 3+ days → gentle reminder
- Identify one-word-response patterns → coaching tips
- **User Experience**: Subtle notifications, not intrusive

### 2.3 Game Content Personalization
- Learn which game prompts each couple enjoys
- Avoid repeating similar prompts in same session
- Adjust difficulty/intensity based on past engagement
- **User Experience**: Games feel fresh every time

**Database Additions**:
```sql
-- User preference learning
CREATE TABLE ai_user_preferences (
  user_id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
  preferred_game_heat TEXT[],
  active_hours INT[],
  conversation_style JSONB,
  learned_interests TEXT[],
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ
);

-- Prompt effectiveness tracking
CREATE TABLE ai_prompt_metrics (
  prompt_id UUID PRIMARY KEY,
  game_type TEXT,
  shown_count INT,
  completed_count INT,
  avg_engagement_score DECIMAL,
  heat_level TEXT
);
```

---

## Phase 3: Visible Magic (Helpful Features)
**Timeline**: Week 5-6  
**User Visibility**: Clearly AI-powered, but optional

### 3.1 AI Profile Coach
- "Improve my bio" button → AI rewrites with personality intact
- Photo order suggestions based on engagement data
- Prompt answer suggestions (user can edit before saving)
- **User Experience**: Optional help when they want it

### 3.2 Conversation Starters
- "Break the ice" button generates 3 personalized openers
- Based on mutual interests from both profiles
- User picks one and can customize before sending
- **User Experience**: Never stare at blank chat again

### 3.3 Match Insights
- "Why did we match?" → AI explains compatibility
- Shared interests highlighted with context
- Suggested conversation topics based on profiles
- **User Experience**: Instant talking points

**UI Components**:
```dart
// Subtle AI indicators
class AIAssistButton extends StatelessWidget {
  // Sparkle icon, non-intrusive placement
  // Tooltip: "Get AI suggestions"
}

class AIInsightCard extends StatelessWidget {
  // Clean card showing AI-generated insight
  // Clear "AI generated" label for transparency
}
```

---

## Phase 4: Proactive Partner (Smart Companion)
**Timeline**: Week 7-8  
**User Visibility**: Active assistance, user-controlled

### 4.1 Date Planning Assistant
- "Plan a date" → AI suggests based on:
  - Both users' interests
  - Location/weather
  - Budget preferences
  - Previous date history
- **User Experience**: "What should we do?" answered instantly

### 4.2 Real-time Message Coaching
- As user types, subtle suggestions appear
- Tone analysis: "This might come across as..."
- Never blocks sending, just offers alternatives
- Toggle on/off in settings
- **User Experience**: Like Grammarly for dating

### 4.3 Relationship Progress Tracking
- AI summarizes conversation milestones
- "You've been talking for 2 weeks, exchanged 500 messages"
- Suggests next steps: "Ready for a phone call?"
- **User Experience**: Gentle progression guidance

**New Edge Functions**:
```
supabase/functions/
├── ai-date-planner/
├── ai-message-coach/
└── ai-relationship-tracker/
```

---

## Phase 5: Seamless Integration (Invisible AI Everywhere)
**Timeline**: Week 9-10  
**User Visibility**: AI is everywhere, but never announced

### 5.1 Dynamic Game Generation
- AI creates new prompts in real-time
- Based on couple's conversation history
- Personalized to their specific dynamic
- **User Experience**: "How does this game know us so well?"

### 5.2 Predictive Matching
- AI learns what makes successful couples
- Weighs factors beyond stated preferences
- Explains matches without revealing algorithm
- **User Experience**: Better matches, no explanation needed

### 5.3 Ambient Intelligence
- App learns usage patterns
- Surfaces right features at right time
- Reduces UI clutter by hiding irrelevant options
- **User Experience**: App feels simpler over time

---

## Implementation Priority Matrix

| Feature | User Value | Dev Effort | Priority |
|---------|-----------|------------|----------|
| Content Moderation | High | Medium | 🔴 P0 |
| Smart Caching | Medium | Low | 🔴 P0 |
| Conversation Starters | High | Low | 🟠 P1 |
| Profile Coach | High | Medium | 🟠 P1 |
| Game Personalization | High | Medium | 🟠 P1 |
| Message Coaching | Medium | High | 🟡 P2 |
| Date Planner | Medium | High | 🟡 P2 |
| Dynamic Game Gen | High | High | 🟢 P3 |
| Predictive Matching | High | Very High | 🟢 P3 |

---

## Cost Management Strategy

### Token Budget Allocation
```
Daily Budget: 100,000 tokens

- Content Moderation: 30% (always-on safety)
- Profile Generation: 20% (onboarding)
- Conversation Starters: 20% (high engagement)
- Game Content: 15% (sessions)
- Insights/Coaching: 15% (on-demand)
```

### Caching Strategy
- Cache common prompt patterns (80% hit rate target)
- Pre-generate game content during off-peak hours
- Batch moderation requests when possible

### Model Selection
- **GPT-4o-mini**: Most tasks (cheap, fast)
- **GPT-4o**: Complex insights, date planning
- **GPT-3.5-turbo**: Simple classification, moderation

---

## User Control & Transparency

### Settings Page
```
AI Preferences
├── AI Suggestions: [On/Off]
├── Message Coaching: [On/Off]
├── Profile Improvement Tips: [On/Off]
├── Smart Notifications: [On/Off]
└── Data Usage for AI: [On/Off]

All features work without AI - just enhanced with it.
```

### Transparency Principles
1. **Never fake human**: AI content always subtly labeled
2. **Never auto-send**: AI suggests, user confirms
3. **Never trap**: All AI features can be disabled
4. **Never creepy**: Don't reveal depth of analysis to users

---

## Success Metrics

### Phase 1 (Foundation)
- [ ] 0 toxic messages delivered
- [ ] <500ms average load time
- [ ] Engagement data flowing

### Phase 2 (Nudges)
- [ ] 20% increase in message response rate
- [ ] 15% increase in game completion
- [ ] Positive user feedback on "smart" feel

### Phase 3 (Magic)
- [ ] 40% adoption of AI bio improvement
- [ ] 60% use conversation starters on first message
- [ ] NPS score improvement

### Phase 4 (Partner)
- [ ] 50% use date planner for first dates
- [ ] Message coaching reduces "ghosting" by 25%
- [ ] Relationship progression rate improves

### Phase 5 (Seamless)
- [ ] Users can't identify which features are AI
- [ ] Match success rate improves 30%
- [ ] App feels "magical" in user research

---

## Next Steps

**Ready to start Phase 1?** I can create:
1. `content_moderation_service.dart` - Safety first
2. `prefetch_service.dart` - Performance foundation  
3. Migration for AI preference tables
